mse_version: 2.0.2
game: magic
game_version: 2024-10-01
stylesheet: m15-altered
stylesheet_version: 2024-09-23
set_info:
	title: Primivir
	copyright: Utaha
	set_code: PVR
	set_language: UV
	symbol: symbol30.mse-symbol
	masterpiece_symbol: 
	custom_mana_symbol_name: MyrCustoms/Vertex.png
	mana_symbol_options: enable in casting costs, enable in text boxes, colored mana symbols
styling:
	magic-booster-mini: text_texture_mode: off
	magic-m15-adventure:
		chop_main: 
		chop_adventure: -5,5,
		shrink_name_text: 
		shrink_typeline_text: 
		frames: Reversed
		auto_frames: 
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-altered:
		chop_top: 2
		chop_bottom: 2
		frames: 
		font_cap: 13.5
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		inverted_common_symbol: no
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-blank:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-clearartifact:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-contraption:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-emblem-cajun:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-imageupload:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-dfc:
		front_style: 3 box saga
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-planes: text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
	magic-m15-mainframe-planeswalker:
		override_levels: four abilities
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-mainframe-tokens:
		frames: M20
		other_options: 
		remove_from_autocount: yes
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-promo-dka:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-promo-dka-miracle:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-saga:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-textless:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-token:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-token-legendary:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-tri-leveler:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		level_mana_symbols: magic-mana-large.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-unstable-basics:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
	magic-m15-vehicles:
		text_box_mana_symbols: magic-mana-small.mse-symbol-font
		overlay: 
include_file: card gift of wilderness
include_file: card disregarded project
include_file: card epoch ending
include_file: card gathering olorosaurs
include_file: card heirloom of the obsolete
include_file: card abstraction peeler
include_file: card recovered guardian
include_file: card prophetic prism
include_file: card height map
include_file: card anivir forgotten savior
include_file: card extruded skyscraper
include_file: card nilshroud absorption
include_file: card awakened marauder
include_file: card prepackaged assembly
include_file: card sun pouncer
include_file: card tatu-peba
include_file: card graceful coelurosaur
include_file: card downscaled matrongon
include_file: card harsurfir scavenger
include_file: card hellish inferngon
include_file: card swiftfoot striker
include_file: card maeverano herdmate
include_file: card stonehewn colossus
include_file: card coordinated hunt
include_file: card spoils of scarcity
include_file: card nilshroud conflagration
include_file: card overharvest
include_file: card into the mines
include_file: card tragedy of the commons
include_file: card render flesh
include_file: card bevelled cliffs
include_file: card cubic flames
include_file: card tesseractapillar
include_file: card charging argosaur
include_file: card lush stamengon
include_file: card humongous detritivore
include_file: card herald of the restored age
include_file: card apex of antiquity
include_file: card crude onslaught
include_file: card primal power
include_file: card dawngon infusion
include_file: card burrow deep
include_file: card overlaid bridge
include_file: card plummeting smash
include_file: card mesh rot
include_file: card specular shack
include_file: card virgin media
include_file: card laggymorph
include_file: card polystone quarry
include_file: card blazefoxes of moz
include_file: card sunbound swarm
include_file: card overclocked dragon
include_file: card geometric singularity
include_file: card mana void
include_file: card emerging wildlife
include_file: card elder gigantops
include_file: card stampeding goliath
include_file: card territorial primarch
include_file: card slipstream enigma
include_file: card armament of armageddon
include_file: card escape the nilshroud
include_file: card sacred signs
include_file: card felygon sentinel
include_file: card parallaxadaisical dengon
include_file: card orchard vixen
include_file: card the downscaling
include_file: card vertex reminder
include_file: card font of decadence
include_file: card prawth planar decimator
include_file: card cache dredger
include_file: card horizon collector
include_file: card a populated world
include_file: card imperial excommunicator
include_file: card revitalised cryptid
include_file: card stick retriever
include_file: card nilshroud predator
include_file: card urwrapir matriarch
include_file: card uverngons messenger
include_file: card rastira depths trawler
include_file: card extinct rebel
include_file: card slumbering dreadblade
include_file: card nightmarish terrain
include_file: card savage pike
include_file: card prawths research station
include_file: card symmetric construction
include_file: card defragment
include_file: card obsolete renaissance
include_file: card burn barren
include_file: card settle inhospitable lands
include_file: card urwrapir explorations
include_file: card friend collector
include_file: card witness of the obsolete
include_file: card asset manager
include_file: card chronicler of the obsolete
include_file: card consecrated farmland
include_file: card tainted bureaucrat
include_file: card desperate pathfinding
include_file: card ecocidal tracker
include_file: card energy tax
include_file: card felygon scientist
include_file: card harsh sentence
include_file: card hierarchic extortion
include_file: card erfex cartographer
include_file: card quintarchal bodyguard
include_file: card shelter from the elements
include_file: card harsurfir ferrier
include_file: card trapped in the nilshroud
include_file: card warden of inefficiencies
include_file: card saturated savannah
include_file: card memory hole
include_file: card occluded bog
include_file: card delete
include_file: card kinematic constrictor
include_file: card nocturngon infusion
include_file: card sentence to oblivion
include_file: card backface culling
include_file: card bleak return
include_file: card bog snapper
include_file: card conscripted serpengon
include_file: card ngonification
include_file: card witness to nil
include_file: card despawn
include_file: card nilshroud mulcher
include_file: card soul taker
include_file: card rastira scavenger
include_file: card planetary harvester
include_file: card defiled revengon
include_file: card feasting ruingon
include_file: card uverngon quintarch usurper
include_file: card nurbs familiar
include_file: card boundary break
include_file: card draw distance
include_file: card waypoint of nil
include_file: card erfex cemetery
include_file: card rasteriser
include_file: card recursive steppe
include_file: card felygon reclaimer
include_file: card dread discovery
include_file: card apocalypse engine
include_file: card anivirs warning
include_file: card null terminator
include_file: card normal mapper
include_file: card irticulls crypt
include_file: card nilshroud storm
include_file: card erfex summons
include_file: card boolean lake
include_file: card obfuscated pier
include_file: card origin point
include_file: card garden of nurbs
include_file: card island
include_file: card mountain
include_file: card swamp
include_file: card forest
include_file: card wrecking rover
include_file: card burning devastatasaur
include_file: card harsurfirs folly
include_file: card colossal giraffosaurs
include_file: card terror of harsurfir
include_file: card spawn volcano
include_file: card chromatic channel
include_file: card heart of harsurfir
include_file: card leaping carnosaur
include_file: card subsurface spawning
include_file: card excessive decadence
include_file: card resplendent dawn
include_file: card senescence vessel
include_file: card prefabricated pryntir
include_file: card erfex regenerator
include_file: card guardian of erfex fens
include_file: card asset export
include_file: card edravir last of the obsolete
include_file: card melodic unwrapper
include_file: card geometry nodes
include_file: card urwrapir looters
include_file: card sparrow spires
include_file: card mirrortusk
include_file: card rastira trawler
include_file: card rastira reconstructor
include_file: card productive throng
include_file: card malevolent beseecher
include_file: card erfex revenant
include_file: card hierarch of expiration
include_file: card hatebloom titangon
include_file: card ego eroder
include_file: card cruel condor
include_file: card oblivion zealot
include_file: card pattern processing
include_file: card erfex rotting realm
include_file: card rastira the world moat
include_file: card harsurfir godly quarry
include_file: card urwrapir restored wilderness
include_file: card domination center
include_file: card advocate of heresy
include_file: card nilshroud traversal
include_file: card catechesis engine
include_file: card hierarch of exultation
include_file: card serrated angel
include_file: card scavenged technology
include_file: card tithing protocol
include_file: card erfex reclaimer
include_file: card felygon utopian sprawl
include_file: card maturing ankylosaur
include_file: card urwrapir warden
include_file: card sifter wurm
include_file: card lost in geometry
include_file: card self-intersector
include_file: card self-assembling phoenix
include_file: card render time
include_file: card reject input
include_file: card shoal summoner
include_file: card withered scorngon
include_file: card crueleans enforcer
include_file: card empty scene
include_file: card cultivators caravan
include_file: card pot of wishes
include_file: card boundless ocean
include_file: card buffer zone
include_file: card extrude wisdom
include_file: card manaqueduct
include_file: card migrating songon
include_file: card packet loss
include_file: card hyperbolic jumper
include_file: card raving crab
include_file: card urwrapir ambusher
include_file: card seafloor scrounger
include_file: card security breach
include_file: card obsolete sentinel
include_file: card squid squad
include_file: card nurbs collector
include_file: card overfisher
include_file: card mesh warper
include_file: card rastira fiend
include_file: card tidal drift
include_file: card submerged titangill
include_file: card procedural generation
include_file: card pool of becoming
include_file: card unlock the quarternion
include_file: card turbulence algorithm
include_file: card nurbs the wild king
include_file: card kinema queen eternal
include_file: card cruelean ruler of none
include_file: card abandonmare
include_file: card skirweigh abyssal tsar
include_file: card systems collapse
include_file: card middleware distributor
include_file: card quintarchs decree
include_file: card quintarchal pariah
include_file: card irticulls vanguard
include_file: card ecocide
include_file: card edravirs lynchpin
include_file: card urban majesty
include_file: card lord of the world moat
include_file: card amphibious emulator
include_file: card luddite infiltrator
include_file: card abstraction breaker
include_file: card flesh centrifuge
include_file: card thassaraptor
include_file: card harsurfir overseer
include_file: card lévy paths
include_file: card usurp the quintarchy
include_file: card into primal archives
include_file: card optimise
include_file: card marching cubes
include_file: card rastira mauler
include_file: card irticull shadow sultan
include_file: card graphical fidelity
include_file: card plains
include_file: card tyrannoscorpius rex
include_file: card bitrot nilshroud parasite
include_file: card the metaball
include_file: card fertile progengon
include_file: card deified dicraeosaur
include_file: card prawths ultimatum
include_file: card backwards companion
include_file: card novel perspectives
include_file: card felygon skyswarm
include_file: card dynotopic stampede
include_file: card cadix the raze-rager
include_file: card quintarchal ascension
include_file: card calf of the restored age
include_file: card buffer overflow
include_file: card duplicate specialty
include_file: card corrupted protocol
include_file: card discover the obsolete
include_file: card suffocating pollution
include_file: card paleoartistic masterpiece
include_file: card rogue process
include_file: card rhystic palace
include_file: card ancient activator
include_file: card deprecated dump
include_file: card conquex broken mandate
include_file: card hallway thomasson
include_file: card nilshroud apex
include_file: card guzzle giblets
include_file: card deprecated harvest
include_file: card albedo arbalest
include_file: card occult occlusion
include_file: card metallic mirage
include_file: card roughness rails
include_file: card subsurface scattering
include_file: card voracious mollusk
include_file: card flagstones of the broken age
include_file: card memory spike
include_file: card nilshroud mockery
include_file: card grim tutor
include_file: card crashing rot
include_file: card rapid terraforming
include_file: card relentless consumption
include_file: card friends unfettered
include_file: card shard of conquex
include_file: card prefabrication
include_file: card ray tracing
include_file: card bird
include_file: card treasure
include_file: card dinosaur
include_file: card fractal horror
include_file: card fractal reflection
include_file: card horror
include_file: card human
include_file: card nilvoid
include_file: card tromping iguanodon
include_file: card perpetual cycle
include_file: card sudden emergence
include_file: card envoy of debauchery
include_file: card eons of ancestry
keyword:
	keyword: Complexity
	match: Complexity
	reminder: Your complexity is the number of spells you’ve cast and nonland abilities you’ve activated this turn.
	rules: 
	mode: action
keyword:
	keyword: Exhaust
	match: Exhaust
	reminder: Whenever a player is instructed to pay a cost,
	rules: 
	mode: pseudo
keyword:
	keyword: Retopology
	match: Retopology <atom-param>cost</atom-param>
	reminder: Cast a copy of this from your graveyard by exiling it and paying {param1}. Spend only mana from differently named sources this way.
	rules: 
	mode: expert
keyword:
	keyword: Vertex Counter
	match: you get
	reminder: Spend [V] to cast copies of Vertex spells.
	rules: 
	mode: action
keyword:
	keyword: Predator
	match: Predator
	reminder: 
	rules: 
	mode: pseudo
keyword:
	keyword: plunder
	match: <atom-param>one_word</atom-param> plunders
	reminder: Take control of target non-vehicle artifact an opponent controls until {param1} leaves the battlefield.
	rules: 
	mode: action
keyword:
	keyword: Bake
	match: Bake
	reminder: When this enters, up to one other target permanent gains its abilities until end of turn.
	rules: 
	mode: action
version_control:
	type: none
apprentice_code: 
